docs: dedicated page for testing guidance (#80)
bloomberg/stricli: docs/docs/testing.mdx

## Mocking the Context

Depending on which test/mock framework is used, the `buildContextForTest` function (or an equivalent) can be implemented in a variety of ways. In this example, it would only need to intercept calls to `context.process.stdout.write()` and redirect the inputs to a string at `context.stdout` (so that the output could be confirmed). You can look at the [`buildFakeContext` function written for the internal Stricli tests](https://github.com/bloomberg/stricli/blob/main/packages/core/tests/fakes/context.ts) as an example.

If your application makes use of [custom data in the context](./features/isolated-context.mdx#custom-data), then your equivalent `buildContextForTest` function should include that data as well.

## Running the Application

To run a Stricli application, the `run` function takes in the application, the inputs as an array of strings, and the context. If a "mock" version of the context can be constructed, then the application can be tested with the `run` function.

:::tip[A Note For Inputs]

> At runtime, the `inputs` array is derived from `process.argv`. As such, it has already handled "tokenizing" the raw inputs and trimming the runtime/file name (if present). This means that in order to test `app cmd foo "bar baz"` the inputs array to `run` should be `["cmd", "foo", "bar baz"]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At runtime, the `inputs` array is derived from `process.argv`. As such, it has already handled tokenizing the raw inputs and trimming the executable (if present). This means that in order to test `app cmd foo "bar baz"` the inputs array to `run` should be `["cmd", "foo", "bar baz"]`.
```
